Add topologyR, EconCausal, and BayesianDisaggregation R packages to d… (#1944)
rweekly/rweekly.org: draft.md

- [valueprhr](https://github.com/isadorenabi/valueprhr) - A comprehensive econometric toolkit for analyzing the empirical relationship between direct prices (labor values), prices of production, and market prices. The package implements multiple complementary methodologies—from classical panel data models to Bayesian hierarchical specifications—enabling researchers to rigorously test the labor theory of value using high-frequency sectoral data constructed via Bayesian disaggregation. ([GitHub](https://github.com/isadorenabi/valueprhr))

- [topologyR](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=topologyR) - Topological Connectivity Analysis for Numeric Data. ([GitHub](https://github.com/IsadoreNabi/topologyR/wiki)). Implements topological data analysis methods based on graph-theoretic approaches to discover structures in numerical data. The package helps determine whether data (such as time series) form a connected set, guiding the decision between using globally continuous methods or segmented modeling.

>   - [EconCausal](https://www.google.com/search?q=https://CRAN.R-project.org/package%3DEconCausal) - Causal Analysis for Macroeconomic Time Series. ([GitHub](https://github.com/IsadoreNabi/EconCausal/wiki)). A comprehensive suite for causal inference emphasizing temporal stability validation. It implements three complementary pipelines—Error-Correction Models with MARS, Bayesian Structural Time Series, and Bayesian GLM with AR(1) errors—to rigorously determine directional relationships and test their persistence across different regimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [EconCausal](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/EconCausal/index.html) - Causal Analysis for Macroeconomic Time Series. ([GitHub](https://github.com/IsadoreNabi/EconCausal/wiki)). A comprehensive suite for causal inference emphasizing temporal stability validation. It implements three complementary pipelines—Error-Correction Models with MARS, Bayesian Structural Time Series, and Bayesian GLM with AR(1) errors—to rigorously determine directional relationships and test their persistence across different regimes.
```

>   - [BayesianDisaggregation](https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&source=gmail&q=https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=BayesianDisaggregation) - Bayesian Methods for Economic Data Disaggregation. ([GitHub](https://github.com/IsadoreNabi/BayesianDisaggregation/wiki)). This package provides a framework for relating information at incompatible levels of granularity (e.g., disaggregating national indices to sectors) using uncertain proxies. It employs analytical Bayesian updating and PCA/SVD signal extraction to incorporate uncertainty without the computational overhead of MCMC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [BayesianDisaggregation](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/BayesianDisaggregation/index.html) - Bayesian Methods for Economic Data Disaggregation. ([GitHub](https://github.com/IsadoreNabi/BayesianDisaggregation/wiki)). This package provides a framework for relating information at incompatible levels of granularity (e.g., disaggregating national indices to sectors) using uncertain proxies. It employs analytical Bayesian updating and PCA/SVD signal extraction to incorporate uncertainty without the computational overhead of MCMC.
```
